Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Big sister Loa. big sister Loa!
I saw a white man!
- Are you certain. Nafea?
- Yes.
He was standing very close.
Right in front of me.
The promise of the gods
of our ancestors is upon us!
The God of Water has spoken!
- Praise be unto him!
God of Water!
Praise be unto him!
MAGELLAN
Ferdinand!
Ferdinand.
It seems we have won!
I looked for you everywhere!
That wound seems dire.
Come on!
Wait… wait…
Can you walk?
Be vigilant…
What do you think. Duarte?
We've been betrayed. it's a massacre!
We must go up the hill!
Captain Albuquerque is surrounded
by the Sultan's troops.
We're preparing the rest of the caravels
and every Portuguese man
must go to his aid.
How long do we have?
I'm afraid it might already be too late.
Understood.
Duarte!
Help! I need help!
Help!
I need help!
Captain-major Sequeira is alive.
He escaped.
But they took Francisco
and the others as hostages.
Where did they go?
In that direction.
- Duarte!
- Yes.
Stay with Gaspar. Wait for the others!
How do you feel?
They will be here soon.
We should leave. brothers.
as fast as we can!
Leave them.
Francisco!
Hold on…
Don't waste your time.
I am at my limit. Ferdinand.
Francisco. come!
Don't die. you bastard.
Don't die.
That's it…
All dead… Forgive me…
Everyone is dead.
- Captain Ferdinand!
- Yes. sire.
Start cleaning this village
of these nefarious dead!
Yes. sire.
After speaking with our men.
as per our orders.
we shall start the construction
of our fort…
of our fortress…
Yes. sire.
Malacca. at last.
This territorial conquest is.
to this day. the furthest away
made by any Christian.
This is the dream of King Manuel.
the conquest of Malacca.
All hail King Manuel!
Hail King Manuel! Hail King Manuel!
As in Cochin. as in Goa.
we are far more advanced
than the Castilians.
the Turks.
the Dutch.
the English.
the Persians.
- All hail Portugal!
- Hail Portugal!
After Cochin and Goa.
and now Malacca.
our next objective will be Aden.
I can guarantee you
that I will conquer Aden.
Once Aden has been conquered.
I will build
a fortress
and we will be able
to suffocate the entire world!
The commercial routes will be
under our command. under our control.
And Venice…
shall bow before us.
begging for its life.
Medina and Mecca…
will become remote deserts.
and Islam…
will finally disappear.
It shall sink
into the deepest depths of the Earth.
Then we shall be prepared
for the second coming
of Jesus Christ.
Because once Islam…
has perished…
Christianity will be eternal
and the end of the world imminent.
Let us prepare for the end of the world.
Let us prepare for judgement day.
Hail Albuquerque! Hail Albuquerque!
King Manuel
says it all the time:
"My dear Afonso.
if we conquer the straits
of Malacca.
if we conquer Malacca…
if we conquer Malacca.
we can halt
Muslim commerce."
That is why we stand here.
because of his wish.
for the Muslim merchants.
their spices.
their goods. their idiotic ships
to be unable to pass through here.
We shall strangle
the vital strength
of Cairo.
of Mecca…
I'm going for a walk. I feel indisposed.
Dom Albuquerque
has approved our plans for Ternate.
I will install our headquarters there.
I will work with the Sultan.
I will convince the other islands
to trade with me.
Ah! That's great.
King Manuel and Dom Albuquerque
shall become even richer…
As will we.
we shall become richer ourselves.
My friend.
you must start to focus on our plans.
Because your golden islands await you.
I am very. very focused on our plans…
Dom Albuquerque.
Governor of India.
Viceroy…
You know…
these…
Viceroys. these governors.
these sultans…
they need us more
than we need them.
Duarte!
Where are you?…
You idiot Sun God.
where are you?
Help us!
Where are you?
Apo Laki…
In the place where we live…
where are you?
Where are you?
Apo Laki!
Help us. Apo Laki!
Where are you?
Apo Laki!
Are you still here. young man?
How much?
I'll take him.
1513. Lisbon
Such useless men…
Don't wake him up!
Domingos is dead. my good friend.
He died courageously.
Now he is with the grace of God.
What happened to Porfírio?
And my César. will he return?
Where is Júlio. Ferdinand?
I am still waiting for António…
Is there any sign of João?
Ferdinand. is there any sign of João?
I want my António back!
Good morning. God.
Good morning. mother.
Come! Come!
Come here!
You look strong and beautiful today!
Come!
Slowly.
Slowly. sir.
- Careful.
- That's it…
The last time I saw you.
you were still a little girl.
running all around the house.
- How old are you now?
- Careful…
I am almost 16 years old. sir.
You must certainly have better ways
to spend your days.
than to help a limping man walk.
In truth. I am quite content.
Father has placed me under
the tutelage
of a physician. his friend.
But even so.
it should not be you. Beatriz.
who has to care for me.
Do not worry yourself. sir.
- Ah! That's it…
- Forgive me.
That's it.
That's it…
Forgive me.
Many have succumbed to the gangrene.
Or infections so severe.
that they lead to suicide.
Forgive me.
I could stay here to care for you. sir.
I shall write my father.
To tell the truth.
your condition is dangerous.
Everything seems to indicate…
that you are recovering.
but the infection
can spread at any moment.
And. if that happens.
I fear the worst.
Dear God!
Dear God…
All the proof we need is in those letters.
Serrão is giving us proof
that there is another way
to journey to the Spice Islands.
An occidental route.
a route under the end of the world.
We would avoid Africa.
the Cape of Good Hope.
we would avoid India.
we would avoid the West Indies.
we would avoid the Castilians.
we would avoid Malacca.
We will discover a new passage.
A new route. our own route!
Our own route.
Drink this. you two.
This will reinforce your enthusiasm.
Thank you. my love.
Thank you. Isabel.
There you have it.
the proof is in those letters.
The King has rejected my application
for the position of royal astronomer.
He treated me like a witch doctor.
a charlatan.
He has also refused to raise my pension…
Let us forget all these rejections for now.
Yes. of course. you are right.
We shall speak to His Majesty
of the benefits of a new route
to the Spice Islands.
More wealth and power for him.
More territories for Portugal.
More Christian conversions.
Halting the Islamic advance.
Nullify Venice.
His Holiness the Pope shall be happy.
Happier.
We work…
for his benefit.
we work for his greed.
That's a good one. we work for his greed.
We work for his greed.
We work for his greed!
Ferdinand!
This tastes funny.
Good morning!
Good morning. Apo Laki!
God of my ancestors!
Save me from the darkness!
From sunrise
till sunset!
Good morning. Apo Laki!
Lord of my ancestors!
Save me from curses!
From sunrise
till sunset!
Good morning. Apo Laki!
God of my ancestors!
Help me from wraths!
From sunrise till sunset!
Good day. Apo Laki!
God of my ancestors!
Save me from curses!
From sunrise till sunset!
Forgive me. Ferdinand.
I was completely useless.
I feel that I have disappointed you…
- You and Rui. Forgive me.
- No.
Do not worry yourself. my friend.
These are imperial matters.
Portugal is becoming
ever more powerful. Ferdinand.
Soon. it shall be
the most powerful kingdom.
It is ironic that it is becoming
so intellectually void…
It cares for nothing
but conquest. power. riches…
We are killing so many…
in the name of the crown and God.
We are even… selling people…
That is wrong. Ferdinand. Very wrong…
I am leaving.
I have asked for my dismissal.
I will leave Portugal.
And you. my friend.
what are your plans?
Me too… I will leave Portugal.
Now. I am a pariah here.
King Manuel does this all the time.
he gives us work one day
and disowns us the next.
It is the game he plays.
When I asked for an audience for you.
he laughed and mocked you…
He scorned you.
You have every reason
to turn your back on him.
Damn him.
But if you will allow me. my friend.
a small remark…
regarding your proposal
for the expedition…
Speak. Francisco.
You know…
You already know… It's all the same!
It is a murderous proposal. Ferdinand!
It is an expedition
to obtain wealth.
to obtain power.
It is based on greed!
You. the captains under Almeida
and Albuquerque.
you are all shadows of King Manuel.
and of Albuquerque and Almeida.
you are all guided by your greed.
You are all the same! You vermin!
You are just like us!
You are just like us. Francisco.
You have profited from the King.
far more than we have.
You. the privileged poets.
I have killed in the name of God.
of the crown. of Portugal!
What do I get in return?
Scorn…
Traitors.
1518. Seville
Gentlemen.
I. the Bishop Juan Rodriguez de Fonseca.
as representative of
the Casa da Contratación.
declare that this shall be
the definitive version
of the contract of the enterprise
known as the Maluku Armada.
The role of Captain-General
shall be assigned to Ferdinand Magellan.
who has been knighted
into the Order of Santiago
The rank of Inspector-General
is granted to Juan de Cartagena.
In the presence of Cristóbal de Haro.
sole representative
of the House of Fuggers.
and of Juan de Aranda.
factor of the Casa de Contratación.
His Majesty. King Carlos.
shall make a final revision
of the clauses of this contract. and…
with the aid of divine providence.
shall stamp his royal signature
with his eventual approval…
In the name of the Father.
the Son and the Holy Spirit.
- Amen.
Tears. my love?
You will leave us soon.
Today is a special day.
But there will be
a far more special day for us
when I return to take you with me.
He's kicking.
Feel him.
- Lunch is ready. master.
- Leave it there.
The only thing I remember…
about a hundred moons ago.
I was very young.
I was the slave of a sultan.
not too far from Malacca.
He…
He sold me to an Indian merchant.
The Indian…
sold me to a Chinese merchant.
An Arab
who converts people
bought me from the Chinese.
And that Arab…
sold me to the merchant in Malacca.
It was there that
your father. my master.
bought me.
Did you know your parents?
Gentlemen. given the proof
presented by the witnesses.
António de Salomon.
captain of the Victória.
and António Genovês. cabin boy.
have been caught in the act.
They are found guilty
of forbidden sexual acts
and crimes against nature.
As per the law.
and pleading the aid of divine providence.
invoking the powers vested in me
by King Carlos.
- António Salomon?…
- Yes. Captain-General.
You are hereby sentenced to death.
The date and time of the execution
shall be announced.
The trial is hereby closed.
Where are we going?
Why are we still following
the African coast?
For security reasons.
Security reasons…
What is the supposed threat?
The threat of insecurity.
You treat me
as if I were a simple subordinate.
Don't forget that we are co-captains
in this expedition.
You know nothing of the seas.
It's obvious that we are not equals.
Juan de Cartagena. obvious.
You're violating the King's orders.
Are you aware of that?
The King's orders were clear:
I have complete authority over this fleet
and you are only in charge
of commerce. finances
and the captainship of San Antonio.
- I am the Inspector-General.
- And I am the Captain-General.
- You shall obey my orders.
- No. Ferdinand.
I have full authority over life
and death in this expedition.
Treason!
This is mutiny! Mutiny!
- In the name of the King. arrest him!
- Quesada! Do something.
Injustice!
No. no…
I cannot watch.
1520. Patagonia
Forgive me. Father. for I have sinned.
What are your sins. my son?
Forgive me. Father. I'm losing my faith.
Have no fear. my son.
Jesus is life.
I ask for forgiveness
for having killed António de Salomon…
It was my duty. sanctioned by the Pope.
You have sinned.
No law created by man
can overwrite God's law.
You have committed a mortal sin.
I accept it.
I am fully aware of what I have done.
But that's the price…
Tell me.
the names of all those responsible
for the mutiny.
I know you are close to Juan de Cartagena
and Gaspar de Quesada.
Tell me. what are their plans?
You should know better. Captain-General.
Confession is a sacred act.
Help me…
Help me save this expedition.
Help me save lives.
You are profaning the confession.
Tell me the names of all the traitors.
May God have pity on you.
In the name of the Father.
the Son. and the Holy Spirit.
- Amen.
Quickly!
Rations for you… Traitors!
Let's go!
Wait!
My sons…
In the name of King Carlos!
In God's name!
Spare us!
My sons!
You shall burn in Hell!
You shall burn with Satan!
Spare us!
Listen to me!
Do not abandon us here!
You have abandoned God's grace.
You shall burn in Hell! You sinners…
You shall burn…
You are at the mercy of a madman's dream!
Molino. the decision is yours.
you have two options. The first:
you grab that sword.
and you chop off your master's head.
The second:
we cut off both of your heads!
You decide.
Untie him.
Our son. Carlos.
was born today.
He was born a strong boy…
but after a few hours.
he released
his final breath.
He had blood flowing from his nose.
from his ears.
from his little eyes…
What curse is this. my love?
Great Spirit!
Save us!
Save us all!
Great Spirit!
Come to us!
Spirit!
Great Spirit!
Save us!
Save us all!
Apo…
Almost one hundred men have already died.
These Pacific waters are too vast.
and the most cruel!
I know…
You are almost there.
On our golden islands.
Did you know?…
I have died today…
1520. Pacific Ocean
Pay up!
Pay for what you have caused!
Land!
- Land!
Spirit of the winds!
Help our children!
Have pity on us!
Save them!
Have pity!
Help us!
Help… please help!
Have pity!
This ritual
bestowed by the spirits and our gods!
It shall bind us. guide us!
Beings from different spheres
but united by the ocean and the sky!
United by the moon and the sun!
United by the wind of the universe!
All for brotherhood!
Tomorrow. you’re healed.
Magellan is here.
Come!
This is… the Holy Child.
The Son. Jesus Christ.
We must pray…
We must pray.
so that his soul may be saved.
Madame. this is the Holy Child.
The child Jesus Christ.
He will heal your beloved son.
We have brought jam for the scurvy.
Fed him two times…
two times a day.
So he can become stronger.
He made these sweets himself.
Feed your son twice a day.
And he will be stronger.
Thank you very much. Magellan. Thank you.
Thank you. sir.
Two times…
Tell them.
I also have children. madame.
He also has children. madame.
Thank you. sir.
The Holy Child healed my son!
My son is cured!
- Holy Child!
Today.
God…
God All Mighty.
the true savior of our souls.
The true savior of our lives!
Today. you shall embrace
the Kingdom of God!
And God shall embrace you in return.
After the Holy Sacrament of the Baptism
by Father Valderrama.
you will be called Christians…
Jesus Christ
shall become the center of your lives.
The Baptism
will purify you of the Original Sin.
The Baptism shall be
the first sacrament of your Catholic life.
The Baptism will grant you a new life.
with God.
With God.
with Jesus Christ.
with His example.
with His hope.
with His mystery.
God has brought us here.
God has brought us
before you.
At long last.
After having sailed
the seas…
in indescribable cold…
we have lost so many men…
so many friends…
may God keep them in His Glory.
So much cruelty.
So much fear.
Finally. we are here.
Finally.
Who… will accept…
to enter the Kingdom of God?
Who will accept to swear and pray only
to the image of Jesus Christ?
Henrique…
My brothers and sisters…
who will accept to pray only
to the image of Jesus Christ?
Who will accept
to enter the Kingdom of God?
Jesus Christ!
- Jesus Christ!
- Amen!
- We accept…
- We accept!
- We accept Jesus Christ…
- We accept Jesus Christ!
He who sacrificed his life for humanity!
He who bore the cross.
He who washed away our suffering.
He who washed away our sins!
- We ask for forgiveness.
- Forgive us!
Forgive us!
In the name of the Father.
the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Stand up.
Hail Mary. full of grace.
the Lord is with thee;
Blessed art thou among women
and blessed is
the fruit of thy womb. Jesus.
Holy Mary. Mother of God.
pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour of our death.
Amen…
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
Be still!
They're heretics. Don't you see?
Bring all the idols and put them here!
You are heretics!
Don't do that! They are watching us.
They force us to do things.
which our hearts do not want.
I fear for the day our gods will show us
their wrath. their curse!
Do not interfere in men’s affairs!
Henrique has told us
that Ferdinand wishes to stay in our land
and that he will become our head.
he will rule over us.
Those are small ones!
Look for better ones!
Let us bring back the tale…
What? The Lapu-lapu tale?
Yes. Lapu-lapu… the wakwak.
- Lapu-lapu…
- We revive the tale!
- Lapu-lapu. the wakwak.
- And why?
If this pest. Captain Ferdinand.
does not leave.
he will be killed
by the wakwak. Lapu-lapu.
Good morning!
Captain Ferdinand…
Four days ago.
the island of Cebu was baptized.
which brings us great joy.
But we have heard disquieting accounts.
disturbing accounts…
A certain… what's his name?
Datu Lapu-lapu.
- Beg your pardon?
- Datu Lapu-lapu.
This Datu Lapu-lapu and his village
have refused the Baptism.
They have profaned the cross.
which we had offered them.
Tell Lapu-lapu…
that he has two days
to go back on his decision.
and ask for forgiveness!
Otherwise…
he will face the consequences!
What is it?
What’s a wakwak?
A wakwak drinks the blood
of his enemies. he eats their liver.
and he devours the babies from inside
the womb of their pregnant women.
He moves only in the darkness.
A wakwak drinks…
…the blood of people.
He eats…
He eats the liver…
or devours…
the babies inside
pregnant women.
So. he is some sort of phantom.
Are we to battle against a phantom?
Someone that nobody has ever laid eyes on?
A phantom. no?
I am not so sure myself…
I don't know.
Doesn’t he know?
Is it possible that…
Datu Lapu-lapu is a myth?
A story?
A tale? A myth?
Let us drink.
Yes. let us drink!
Do not worry yourself
with Datu Lapu-lapu. Captain Ferdinand.
Let us drink.
One. two. three. now…
That's it!
Ferdinand…
Datu Lapu-lapu has declared war.
So. we shall have war.
But Humabon volunteered
to lead the attack.
- Let’s kill him!
- No. no…
We won’t do that.
Let Humabon see!
There's still time to negotiate…
No. no…
There is nothing left to debate.
Let us teach that ghost
the wrath of God!
Come. right away! Come!
Why are you here?
We are here to speak with Datu Lapu-lapu.
No!
The foreigners! The foreigners!
The foreigners!
You two. over there. Henrique. follow me.
Stop! What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
What was that?
Rajah. the foreigners are hitting us
with fireballs.
Stay here!
It was all part of Rajah Humabon’s plan.
He made Ferdinand Magellan believe
that Lapu-lapu was real.
There was no Lapu-lapu.
No one ever saw him.
He was a creation of Rajah Humabon.
Humabon’s men killed Ferdinand Magellan.
Four days after Magellan’s death.
Rajah Humabon held a feast
and massacred most of Magellan's
remaining men.
I was an accomplice
to the violence that happened.
But…
I had to do it.
I did it for my freedom.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm